Mr. Xie, Mr. Zhou has arrived.
Please come in. Don’t teach Mengce today,
You don’t want to buy it either. Mr. Zhou,
Please support me, my wife is joking with me,
OK OK. Mr. Zhou,
What do you want to do with me? Thank you.
He doesn't like you. Guillen Marriage No.
What does it matter, he is my wife.
He is not. Mr. Zhou,
I don’t advise you to accept the reality.
From living in a dream. no.
You are the one living in the dream. You don’t have to borrow words from them,
Telling. they will read me,
Will you. He didn't love you ten years ago.
Ten years later, he still won't love you.
Sent to Zhu Qiong
Transfer some equity and real estate
Buy some fresh ring cakes
He will fall in love with you
I don’t want to get married either
It's not because of the equity
and others
Chu Ritian, the person who will accompany him from now on
Make him Zhu Qiong thank you
What are they here for?
I'll go back right away